Internet:worldwide system of computer networks
localhost:accessing locally webpage from local server comes from default ipaddress 127.0.0.1
server:is a remote device to send a response to the client
virtual server:re creates the functionality of the physical server
client:browser is the client.
session: is a state consisting of several requests and response between the client and the server.
         server provides the session and it is a server side file that transforms the user information.
cookies:is a client side file that holds the small amount of user information.
liferay:open source java framework.
control panel:enables a user to change various features.
css:cascading style sheet and scss:syntactically Awesome style sheet contains all features of css and its a advanced version gives variables
     using this we can shorten our codes.
hooks and ext:hooks used to customise the portal  and ext used to customise and extend the portal and it creates
  the additional webapp folder while we upgrade it separates the out-of-box and customise code.
guest: unauthonticated user.
user:a person who uses or operates something
user group:list of users created for specific purpose.we can assign roles and permissions to a group of users that don't share an Organization.
power user:more priveleged user and has same user role but he has personal sites.
site:A site contains a set of pages that can be used to publish content or applications.
organization:as same as site but it can used to only group the people and manage them. 
In the organization users only can be members. In the organization we can create users and assign users to specific organization by admin
company:a legal entity formed by a group of individuals to engage in and operate a business
role: collection of permissions.
team: group of people working to achieve a same goal.
theme:overall look and feel for a site.
interface:mechanism to achieve abstraction and also a blueprint of class.
session:server side file that contains user data unlimited data can be stored
cookies:client side file that holds user information limited.
adt:Application display template define custom display templates used to render widgets
asset:The asset framework powers the core Liferay features
solr:Solr is a popular enterprise search platform 
elasticsearch: Elasticsearch is an open source, highly scalable, full-text search and analytics engine
class:group of objects which have common properties.
soap:simple object access protocol and it is a packaging protocol.
http:transport protocol.
rest: Representational state transfer (REST) is a software architectural style that describes a uniform interface between decoupled 
components in the Internet in a Client-Server architecture
streamAPi: the Stream API is used to process collections of objects
ssh :Secure Shell is a network communications protocol for remote login/control of a machine
web service: some method of accessing data via a web server
encryption: the process of converting plain text to cyber text.
functional interface:implement only one abstraction method.
